You know how you and I talk
all the time about my purpose?
You think acting
could be your purpose?
NOHO HANK: This is Ryan Madison.
-You guys want him gone?
-BOTH: Yes
BARRY BERKMAN: I followed Ryan
to take an acting class,
and they say I got something.
(CHEERING)
MONROE FUCHES:
You're a killer, Barry.
-(GUN CLICKS)
-This is all you do.
Folks, Ryan Madison. He's dead.
-(GUN CLICKS)
-(GUNSHOT)
DETECTIVE MOSS:
I'm Detective Moss.
I'm hoping one of you recognizes
the man in this photo.
Be on the lookout for a man
with no discernible features.
He killed your friend.
MOSS:
I'm investigating the murder
of one of your students.
This cannot be a thing.
You took my stash house.
It's a war now.
HANK: Once the guys
get to know each other,
it's gonna be super great.
SALLY REED:
Whatever you did tonight
to get to that place...
-Wait, wait, wait!
-Do that every time.
(YELLS)
I'm done with all this,
starting right now.
-Can we please not do this?
-It's done.
BARRY: Starting now.
Man (muffled voice):
Yeah? Hey, pause it.
Hey, if you touch the TV,
I will kill you.
I'm just telling you,
I wanna see what happens
to this dude,
so just don't touch the TV,
just hold up a second.
-Would you pause it?
Why? Because I wanna watch it.
-(man mumbles)
And you always do this, man!
-Why is this shit so fucking
hard for you, huh?
-(man mumbles)
I don't even think this has
anything to do with the TV.
This is some other
passive-aggressive bullshit
we need to talk about.
Aah, shit.
Yeah?
-(gunshot)
-(man grunts)
(TV playing indistinctly)
(distant dogs barking)
-(glass shatters)
-(man grunts)
(distant dogs barking)
(grunts)
(sighs)
(keypad beeping)
(grunts)
-(keypad beeping)
-Hmm. Hmm. Hmm.
(growls)
(panting):
Fuck.
(panting)
-(bullet pings)
-Aah. Oh my God.
Oh my God! Oh fuck!
Oh my God!
-Where is he?
-Fuches: Would you relax?
My best new guy's
gonna be back with
your little package
any minute now.
This isn't me.
I'm not a criminal.
-I mean, someone could get hurt.
-(TV playing indistinctly)
Obviously,
somebody's gonna get hurt.
I mean, my guy's gonna kill
whoever's in that apartment.
You know,
that's part of the idea.
-(distant sirens blaring)
-(helicopter whirring)
-What?
-Why are you looking
at me like that?
-This was the whole plan.
-No, no.
You never said anything
about anybody getting hurt.
-Oh.
-(tires screech)
Well, you know,
if I didn't, I should have.
Oh God!
-(sirens blaring)
-Officer: I saw him
go upstairs! Go! Go!
-(knocking)
-There, see? Here he is.
Might not have gone down
like you imagined, but, uh,
at least you're getting
what you paid for, right?
-Hey.
-You gave me
the wrong combination.
-(helicopter whirring overhead)
-(police shouting outside)
You gave us the wrong
combination.
You didn't even
get the package!
-(gunfire)
-(whimpering)
(gunshot)
I gotta get out of here!
-(grunts)
-(window shatters)
-(screams)
-Officer: Shit!
-(pounding on door)
-Officer: Hold on!
Cease fire!
Cease fire! Damn!
-(sirens blaring)
-(helicopter whirring)
Oh, thank God, you're here!
(helicopter whirring overhead)
(theme music playing)
Barry (exhales):
Okay.
(whispering):
All right, okay.
This is good. Okay.
Newspaper man.
Here we go.
All right, guys, places!
Let's-- Whoa!
Hey, what's going on?
You're not in costume.
No, we're not.
Why are you in costume?
Why am I in costume?
Because it's a dress rehearsal.
Come on, you guys
should be dressed!
You don't seriously think
we should keep trying
to do this, do you?
Yes, we have to!
We-We-We open tomorrow, guys!
Baz, that's bonkers.
Why don't we just cancel
the entire show?
Cancel the... Why?!
Um, because Gene had
a full-on nervous breakdown
-yesterday and left?
-He was, like, sobbing.
I still think part of it was
my emotional performance.
Yeah. No, I'm pretty sure
it was about Moss.
Remember?
He was screaming,
"Janice. Janice.
-What is the point
without Janice?"
-Nah, it was me.
Okay, we can't do a show
without a director, Barry,
and right now,
we don't have a director!
Okay, hey! Let me guess.
(speaking gibberish)
It's gonna be great!
-I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
-Barry: Okay? I think
just Gene needs a little time
to relax and collect himself.
And so until then,
um, I'll direct.
-What?
That seems weird.
All right, so everybody,
get into costume. Let's go.
Let's get this going.
We open tomorrow, guys.
-Let's go! The Front Page  .
-Will you talk to him please?
-Everybody move!
It's gonna be fun!
-Have you directed before?
I have not directed
before, but I think--
I think it's gonna
be great, guys.
Let's see some real energy!
-All right.
Typewriter ribbon.
-Sally: Bare--
-Bare, I--
-Look at this.
-This plays in the first act!
-We're not doing the show.
-Yeah, we are.
-No, we're not.
Look, Gene is not ready.
The man is in pain.
He's broken.
He needs time to process
what happened.
I need time to process
It's stuck.
And you need time to process
what happened.
Well, we do that through
the work, right?
Look, I get what it's like
to be freaked out, okay?
It's like... It's like
when I shaved my head
for I Never Saw Another
Butterfly  without realizing
how limiting that was gonna
befor other castings.
We all lose track
of what's important sometimes.
Plus, you know,
it's The Front Page  .
It's a stupid farce.
Yeah, but you picked it.
Yeah, I picked it
before Janice was murdered.
-We don't know
what happened to her.
-Yes, we do!
Barry, everyone seems to know
what happened to Janice
except for you!
You know, if we cancel
this show, then what was
the point?
What?
It's gonna be great.
You gotta trust me.
Trust me? Trust me.
Okay, we're good.
The director is ready!
Noho Hank:
Dear Batir and everyone
back in Chechnya.
-Hey man!
-Yo bro!
In short, the LA operation
is going super great.
Now, I know there is still
some small reservation
about teaming up with
traditional enemies,
the Bolivians,
but worry not, Batir,
they are wonderful dudes.
They are unrivaled thieves and
super great at acquiring cargo.
And you know
what we are good at?
Repackaging said cargo.
It is like yin and yang,
meant to be, peas in pod.
Speaking of which,
Cristobal, their leader,
is guru mensch
of highest order,
like baby Tony Robbins.
Teaching us all the powerful
way of getting shit done
and ruling the world
while being totally chill.
He had one of the best
organic chefs in South America
kidnapped and brought over
here. It took some time,
but I think his brain
has been officially washed.
Our recreational volleyball
is becoming legendary.
P.S. I am now known
as "Bullet" for my serve.
Yes, I think this is
probably the happiest
I have ever been
in my life, Batir.
Not only do I have
operation which may soon
challenge Burmese mafia
for next highest spot
on crime family rankings,
but I have found a true friend
and partner in Cristobal.
I can't wait for
you guys to meet him.
So, in finishing, let's be
cool about the Bolivians.
As Cristobal often says,
we are more powerful together.
God, so true.
Hank, Cristobal wants
to see you.
Cristobal:
It's going to be amazing.
He's going to-- Ah!
Hank, come in.
Have you met Esther,
head of Burmese crime family?
No.
Probably because she's
our biggest competitor.
Of course, currently
sitting in my chair,
drinking from
my fox mug.
I have come to offer
you a proposition.
-She talking to me?
-I think it is
very interesting.
Here. Come, come.
Have a seat.
(chuckling)
Tell me, what is the one
thing that we here
have wanted to dip
our toes in?
-Chocolate.
-Heroin, Hank.
Heroin, heroin.
It is the one box left
unchecked in our organization
that would give
us true power.
Listen to this.
I have established
a monastery where
I can bring
anything I want
into this country,
no questions asked
due to religious freedom.
Guns, merchandise,
and especially drugs.
-I'd offer you and Cristobal
an even share.
-Huh?
Okay. Why?
We were just discussing
Thomas Friedman.
Did you read that one yet?
Okay, you given me,
like, a lot of books.
-I have not found the time.
-You must make the time.
-Please do not eavesdrop.
-Thomas Friedman...
-Thank you.
-...says no two countries
that have a McDonald's
have ever gone to war.
Esther's point is
there's enough in
Los Angeles for all of us.
We give a little
McDonald's to every gang,
and soon, all the gangs
will become a team.
So you want to share
our stash house with her?
Exactly!
And in exchange,
we get Esther's team
of smugglers and assassins.
Well, that is a bummer,
because I already have
an army of finest killers
in all of Chechnya, so...
-Um--
-...there's the door.
Hank, your men...
they are a little lacking
in physical skill.
-They are weak.
-Okay, that is not true.
And also, please keep
your voice down, all right?
They're right down there.
(knife tings)
Oh yeah,
I've seen this before.
Chh-chh-chh-chh.
Yeah, very--
Okay! Sweet Baby Jesus!
-(Cristobal laughing)
-Noho Hank: Oh my God!
This-- That is what I'm saying.
How could we not want to be
in business with this, huh?
(laughs nervously)
(laughing)
Noho Hank:
Okay. Oh my God.
(laughing continuing)
Everyone's laughing
at the hand-stabbing now.
-(opera playing inside house)
-(gate creaks)
-(opera grows louder)
-Mr. Cousineau?
Mr. Cous--
Hey, Berkman.
-Hey. Uh, I can come--
-(police radio chattering)
-I can come back.
-No.
Barry, they're giving up.
-They're quitting.
-No. All we're saying is
that your cabin is
no longer considered
an active crime scene.
Loach:
Here are your keys.
Gene:
You keep my keys.
There are thousands of acres
of woods up there.
Are you searching them?
No. We didn't feel
that was viable.
Oh, this is madness.
She could be out there
right now, cold.
She could be hurt, hungry.
We don't know
what happened.
Nobody actually knows
Is this you and Corbin Bernsen?
No, that's Ronnie Cox.
-Ronnie Cox.
-Mr. Cousineau...
Janice and I went
after the Chechens,
and they got pissed,
so they came after her.
As soon as they got her
in her car that night
and off your property,
she was gone, okay?
We have no cell phone pings,
no credit cards, nothing.
We probably know everything
we're ever going to know,
and that's just the reality.
I'm sorry.
(opera continuing in background)
-Mae. Hi, let's go.
-Hey. Oh yeah.
(door closes)
Hey, Mr. Cousineau, we, uh,
we rehearsed without you today,
and, uh, it was awful.
I know you needed
some time to feel better,
but I'm just curious when
you think you might be ready
to come back
and direct the show.
-I mean, I think
you look great.
-In my bedroom,
under the bed,
there's a mahogany box,
and in that box is
a pearl-handle .38 Special,
screen-used from
the movie Flashpoint,
given to me by my former
roommate, Rip Torn.
Do you know how
many times today
I actually thought
about going in there
and loading it
and giving it one last kiss?
-You wanted to kiss a gun? Oh.
-Suicide, Barry.
Are you not familiar
with the Japanese ritual
of hari-kari?
-The baseball announcer?
-I need you out of my house.
Okay.
Noho Hank:
Okay, mail call, you guys!
We got some coupons.
Hey, Esteban, you love
Domino's right?
Okay. "Want to win
a million dollars?"
I'm not gonna fall
for that one, again.
Hey guys!
A package from Chechnya!
Maybe it's my copy
of Riverdance  on Blu-ray.
Batir. Noho Hank.
I just got your package.
Is this some sort of
early 40th birthday joke?
Batir (over phone):
We asked you to find
and execute Goran's killer.
The family feels
it was the Bolivians,
but instead of executing,
you have chosen to work
with them,
so now we will have
to kill you.
Wow, Batir, what is with
this sour-patch attitude?
Come on, man. We are bros.
We went to preschool together.
There is nothing
I can do, Hank.
You have chosen the Bolivians
over the family.
But the Bolivians
did not kill Goran.
Then, who did?
-You really
want to know?
- Yes.
Well, okay, then.
I'm going to tell you.
Excuse me, does
this come in purple?
Uh, no, but we do have it
in a heathered star ruby.
What is that?
Well, it's basically,
um...
Well, if you were
to take red and blue
and then just mix those
two elements together.
So purple?
Oh fuck, yeah,
it is purple, isn't it?
-Is everybody who
works here British?
-Sorry, what?
(British accent):
See you bought
yourself a new pair
of gym pantaloons,
have you?
-Yes.
-(beeping)
(clears throat)
Ah, bugger, the credit card
reader's not working.
Stupid card reader.
Bloody card reader
more like it. (chuckles)
(drops accent):
Why isn't this working?
This is crazy.
Are these really $88?
-Baz? Can I talk
to you for a minute?
-Hmm? Yeah.
(British accent):
Top o' the morning.
-Hmm?
-What is that?
Okay, um...
I'm just doing the thing
Mr. Cousineau talked about
about us bringing our characters
out into the real world.
-Mmm. Well, firstly...
-So that's what I was--
-...British is not
a character, yeah?
-Hmm?
Yeah, it's not. And secondly,
when the guests hear you
talking like that and then
they hear me talking like this,
they think that we're
both doing accents.
-We look like assholes.
-(British accent): No.
-Yeah, we look the silly.
-No, we're the same.
Both:
What are you doing?
(gasps) Stop it!
-Baz! No, we don't
sound the same.
-No, we sound the same.
-We sound totally the same.
No, we sound the same.
-Please stop.
Both:
Oh, this is driving me nuts.
You have to stop.
-You can do an accent too.
-I know I can do accents.
-If you played
an Australian person.
-I wouldn't play an Australian.
I would never play
an Australian.
I don't want to talk
about it, but I would
never play an Australian.
-Oy!
-No.
-Mate.
-Stop it.
Excuse me, sir?
Do you work here?
Yeah, um...
Do you have these pants
in size medium?
-Those are
women's pants.
-Shit.
Look, Baz, you remember when
I got you the job here, yeah?
And you got all excited
'cause you thought Lululemon
was a candy store? Yeah?
Well, you've come such
a long way from there,
so it would be a shame
to go back, wouldn't it?
All right, so just tuck your
crazy in a little bit, yeah?
-All right, yeah, okay.
-Just be chill.
Jesus Christ.
(whispering):
The fuck you doing here?
Barry, it's me.
It's Hank.
-I know it's Hank!
-In a wig.
-I know you're
wearing a wig!
-The shirt's mine, though.
I don't fucking care!
What the fuck are
you doing here?
You remember how Goran
was going to kill you,
and I gave you tip-off
and you used it
to kill Goran
and all of my friends?
-Yes. Yes. Yes.
-Remember? Garage?
And I did not tell his family
about it, because if I did,
-they would burn down
Los Angeles looking for you?
-Yes!
Well, instead of telling
them you shot Goran...
this morning I told
them it was Esther,
head of the Burmese
crime family.
-Why?
-Well, because A,
I don't want you to get killed,
and B, Esther is throwing
complete monkey wrench
into my relationship
with Cristobal.
So you kill her, Goran's
family will be off my tip,
and Cristobal will still
think we're two peas in pod.
-Classic criss-cross.
-That's not a criss-cross.
-I'm pretty sure it is.
-All right, you need
to get out of here, man.
No. Barry, Barry. Okay,
just hear me, all right, um...
If you don't do
this for me,
-my family will kill me.
-I don't fucking care.
Now get out of here,
you fucking idiot.
(sighs)
-Mr. Fuches?
-Yeah.
Whoa! I know
what that thing is.
I don't know why
you'd need my DNA.
I was being held there
against my will.
There's witnesses
and evidence at the scene
that say otherwise,
Mr. Fuches.
Oh.
You got a court order
to take my DNA?
Oh, oh, you think I'm gonna
give it to you voluntarily.
No, see, I'm a...
I'm a law and order guy.
I love my country,
I love my judicial system.
Thank you.
So what I remember is,
there's only two other
guys in that hotel room,
and they're
both dead, so...
you ain't got shit, pal.
(audience murmuring)
I don't see Gene.
Is he coming?
Yes. I told you,
he'll be here.
I talked to him.
Okay, Boo-Bare,
I don't like this gear, okay?
You're acting really crazy,
but you won't talk to me.
-You see this?
-(tapping)
That's a wall, okay?
And it needs to come down.
I'm just nervous about
the show, that's all.
I think this is about
more than just the show.
What did you say
to me earlier?
If we don't do this,
then what was the point?
What does that even mean?
Are you talking about us?
I-- I don't have
time for this.
We go on in 15 minutes,
all right?
Barry, I...
All right, everybody,
15 minutes until showtime.
Let's bring it in.
Come on, guys.
Who died?
Oh, right.
Jermaine, you said you
wanted to say something?
-I did?
-Yeah.
-Oh, I must've been
fucking with you.
-Great. Um...
Okay, so this hasn't been easy.
I'll be the first to admit that.
But The Front Page  is
a very rich and layered text,
and there's a lot
of lessons in there.
And I think
the most important lesson
in the myriad of important...
lessons is...
you always put out
the newspaper.
I fundamentally disagree
with you, Barry.
-Sometimes no news is good news.
-Is Gene coming or not?
All right, you know what,
it doesn't matter if Gene's
coming or not, okay?
-Because--
-Gene's here!
(mutters):
Thank God.
(audience applauding)
Good evening, my name is
Gene M Cousineau,
and I've got
an announcement to make.
I'm canceling the show.
(whispers):
Thank God.
What?
Gene:
I wasn't here
to oversee the production,
so I can't in good conscience
let you watch a show
that bares my name.
Now, I cannot give
you a refund,
but I can give you
a voucher for my book
or any other
Gene M Cousineau merch
that we sell in the box office.
-Thank you.
-Thanks for coming.
It was a winter's
morning mid-1920s.
The playwright
Bertolt Brecht arose,
put on his robe,
his slippers,
and then he went downstairs
for the breakfast that his wife,
the Austrian opera singer,
Marianne Zoff, made for him.
He looked at his wife,
he looked down at the schnitzel,
he looked back at his wife,
and he said,
"Baby, I'm out."
Well, I'm out, too.
I'm shutting down
this class permanently.
-(students protesting)
-Mr. Cousineau,
but teaching is your life!
Janice was my life--
Janice is my life.
Okay. No, no.
Janice is your life.
I understand,
but I'm just saying that, um,
you know, the things you
tell us up here, you know,
that acting's good therapy.
Oh, you actually heard
something I said?
No, what I'm saying is
that we could use this
as an exercise
as a whole class
and we could use it so you
could talk about your feelings.
You want me to talk
about my feelings?
This class was about you
talking about your feelings.
All right. No, I...
Okay, yeah.
I've got an idea.
Why don't you talk about
the war, Mr. Human Icebox?
Why don't you tell us about
the first man you killed?
Because that's
what it would be like
for me to talk about Janice.
I didn't think so.
Natalie...
-(keys clatter)
-Bring my car around.
All right, it was
outside of Sanjin.
It was my first tour.
(wind whistling)
(indistinct chattering)
I was, um...
I was on firewatch
with my friend Albert...
um, in an OP, and, uh--
-Albert.
-Yeah?
-Wanna take a look at this?
-Why? What do you see?
Let me see.
Oh yeah. Yeah,
about 700 yards out, right?
-You see that?
-Yeah.
We saw... I don't know
what you call it, um,
-some suspicious activity.
-(whispering)
And, um,
Albert was doing
surveillance on the...
(exhales)
Keep going.
We weren't sure
if we should engage or not.
Should we engage, sir?
I'm not sure.
And I asked if we should
radio Lieutenant Hubble.
Uh, should we maybe radio
Lieutenant Hubble, sir?
Fuck no, you don't got to radio
him, man. Take the shot, dude.
-Are you sure?
-No, I'm not sure.
(mimicking radio static)
He says that's a green light
to shoot the guy.
(wind whistling)
Look, you're gonna miss anyway,
man. Just scare the fucker.
(wind whistling)
(grunts)
Aah, my shoulder!
I forgot how these
things kick back.
Jesus, Berkman, you got him!
-(Albert laughing)
-Soldier: What the fuck
are you shooting at?
-Berkman just took out
a sheepfucker from 700 yards!
-Fuck off.
-Barry: Hey, there's more.
-What?
Yeah. Look.
Yeah, there's two on the rise.
Looks like they're checking out
their buddy.
-(gunshot echoes)
-Albert: No way.
No, no, no, no.
(gunshot echoing)
You killed them
both, soldier.
(whimpering):
I don't...
I... I killed them.
Nick (sobbing):
I killed someone.
Oh God. Oh God!
(anguished sobbing):
I killed someone!
-I'll never be able
to forgive myself.
-Sasha: Shh, shh, shh!
-Is that how it happened?
-Nick: I'm a terrible person!
Motherfucker! What?
(screaming)
You fucking kidding me?
-He got 'em!
-Both of them?
Smoked both those pieces
of shit! (laughing)
Dude! This silent-ass
Barry here's
a fucking stone-cold
killer, fellas!
From 700 yards!
-Jesus, Berkman!
-That was fucking dope, man!
Albert:
I was gonna take
the bib off him, forget it!
(soldiers laughing)
-Soldiers (chanting):
Barry Berkman!
-(clapping rhythmically)
Gene:
Barry--
(chanting):
Berry Berkman!
Gene:
Barry?
Barry Berkman!
-Gene: Barry?
-(Nick weeping)
Is that what
really happened?
Yeah, yeah.
-(weeping continuing)
-Sasha: Shh, shh, shh.
It's okay.
All right, I'll see you
tomorrow at the next class.
-(gasps)
-Yes.
(cheering, applauding)
Nick:
I know I could use a drink.
Anybody else?
Sasha:
Oh my God, yes, please!
You should be feeling really
proud of yourself, Barry.
I mean, that was amazing.
-Oh, yeah, thanks.
-No, no. Really.
I mean, it was messy
and complex and...
God, I didn't even know
that all those things
happened to you.
I mean, that was
crazy. (sighs)
You really heard me.
You really let that wall
come down a little.
You see what happens
when you're honest
about who you
really are, Barry?
Good things can happen.
I mean, you just
saved the class!
-Hey, do you wanna
get out of here?
-Yeah.
I do, I... I just-- Shit.
I said I'd have drinks
with my agent, so...
I wanna be there for you,
I do, but tomorrow.
Not too early.
Like around noon?
After yoga, but
before an audition I have.
I'll need to prepare, okay?
But you'll be there
for me, right?
Yeah. And we can
definitely find a window.
Okay.
I'm so proud of you.
The wound is open, Barry.
That's a good thing.
-Amazing.
-Yeah, cool.
-Good night.
-Night.
Bye!
-What the fuck are you doing--
-"What the fuck are you doing
here, Hank?" Yeah, I know.
Right. You get the fuck
out of here. You need to leave.
You called me
an idiot today.
Me, the guy who, when Goran
was coming to kill you,
told you to get out
of the Dodge.
I mean, I saved your life.
Right. Hey, man,
let's do this--
I come not
wearing disguises.
No more hiding.
You have to understand,
I'm not asking you to do
this hit, I'm telling you.
Hey, Hank, relax, man.
I'm relaxed, okay?
I'm a super relaxed guy.
But now, I'm the boss,
and you really
disrespected me.
So you're doing this,
because if you do not...
I tell Goran's family
who really killed him.
And this place,
and all your friends,
they go bye-bye.
Do you believe me now?
You still think
I'm a fucking idiot?
No.
Good.
Don't fuck with me, Barry.
It's not polite.
-(engine starts)
-(pop music playing
over car stereo)
Hey, Mae? We just got
a DNA match on CODIS
from the tooth we found
in the garage where
Goran Pazar was killed.
What?
It's a failing business, Diana.
Who opens up
a quinceañera store
that's not in an
Hispanic neighborhood?
I did it because of you,
and now you're leaving me.
Let's just meet face-to-face.
What are you doing Saturday?
What, just you, or--?
(sighs)
Ronny Proxin.
Hey, Loach?
No, I know. I need to get
a lawyer, but-- Hello?
Diana?
Aah, your ex-wife, right?
Man, I'm sorry.
That's gotta suck.
I worry all the time
that my marriage
is gonna implode
around me and...
I got a kid and that would
be terrible for her.
But you guys are lucky,
you don't-- you do have a kid.
What do you want, Mae?
Well, do you remember
we found a tooth
in Pazar's garage that didn't
match anyone at the crime scene?
-Yeah.
-We got a CODIS
hit on it.
Monroe Fuches.
-From Cleveland.
-Ohio.
What was he doing
in Pazar's garage?
-I got it, thanks.
-We should go out there,
interview him.
No, I got it.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
(keyboard clacking)
(mutters):
Cleveland.
Fucking Cleveland.
Okay.
(sighs)
How about that?
♪ There's going to be
a revival tonight  ♪
♪ Everybody gonna jump
and shout and throw
the good down  ♪
♪ All your sisters
and your brothers  ♪
♪ Bring all the others
out into the light  ♪
♪ This is your land,
my land  ♪
♪ Everybody gotta be free,
there'll be no more suicide  ♪
♪ Love is all we need  ♪
♪ To make this world succeed,
let's all give it a try  ♪
♪ Can't you see
we're all the same?  ♪
♪ Isn't it a damn shame
not to see it now?  ♪
♪ All I cry is in vain  ♪
♪ When we cause
others pain ♪
♪ And we forget
what is right ♪
♪ Oh, yeah ♪
-♪ Singin' la-de-da ♪
-♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Everybody, come on,
come on ♪
♪ Everybody singin' la-de-da  ♪
Monroe Fuches?
Detective Loach, LAPD.